# Outline
- Single Timing system
  - Blink LED, print to serial monitor the delta T
- Potentiometer, 3 states
  - Print on middle state
  - Print ONCE when transition to middle state
    - Use a secondary "dwelling" state for waiting before state machine cycle
- Combine these two
- Using SM to integrate z-angVel
- Use multi-sm to keep track of orientation while doing other things
- If time permits, make up a state machine build the visualization with the class then have class generate code using method described.

## Discussion
There are a few important rules to follow though while creating state machines for our purposes. The most important is that any operation that happens does not “hang” the processor! Hanging is a function that does not complete in a deterministic amount of time. A couple of milliseconds is okay. Anything more than 10ms or so may become problematic. This is extrememly important because we want the logical system to check it’s conditions as fast as possible and as many times per second as possible.

If we follow these rules, we can have a pseudo real-time operating system! Not really, but our firmware can be real-time and respond to things in real-time. In general, sensor readings and actuator updates should happen at discrete but consistent, small intervals in time. In this way, our First-Order-Euler-Integraion method will have minimal error/drift. The reason for consistency is related to signals processing and sampling theory but is beyond this discussion.
